Describe goals in README (#31)
pq-code-package/mlkem-c-aarch64: README.md

[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

> **MLKEM-C-AArch64** is a collection of [MLKEM](https://doi.org/10.6028/NIST.FIPS.203.ipd) implementations optimized for number of different Armv8-A and Armv9-A microarchitectures.

Reviewer: Some suggestions for elaboration:

```suggestion
**MLKEM-C-AArch64** is a collection of [MLKEM](https://doi.org/10.6028/NIST.FIPS.203.ipd) implementations for CPUs based on the Armv8-A and Armv9-A architectures.

There is a wide spectrum of implementations of the Armv8-A and Armv9-A architectures, ranging from efficiency-focused in-order cores to performance-centric highly out-of-order cores. Depending on a CPU's placement on this spectrum, its optimal MLKEM implementation will vary: Code that performs well on Apple M1 may not perform well on Cortex-A55, or vice versa.

MLKEM-C-AArch64 aims to provide a portfolio of implementations covering most Armv8-A/Armv9-A microarchitectures, plus code optimized for specific microarchitectures.

Initially, our benchmarking platforms are:
- Arm Cortex-A53 (as used in the Raspberry Pi3)
- Arm Cortex-A55
- Arm Cortex-A72 (as used in the Raspberry Pi4)
- Arm Cortex-A76 (as used in the Raspberry Pi5) / Neoverse N1 (as used in AWS Graviton2/c6g instances)
- Arm Neoverse-V1 (as used in the AWS Graviton3/c7g instances)
- Apple M1

Please reach out to the MLKEM-C-AArch64 maintainers or open an issue if you would like to see benchmarking on other microarchitectures.
```

@mkannwischer Cortex-A510 and Cortex-A78 would also be interesting, but you don't have those, do you?

Author: I do not have a A510 or A78 either.

- Include Neon assembly implementations of the core building blocks of MLKEM performing well on a wide range of Armv8-A and Armv9-A platforms.
- Achieve performance matching the state-of-the-art on the target platforms.
- Maintainability should not be sacrificed and assembly should be as readable as possible. We make use of automated tooling for microarchitecture-specific optimization (e.g., by using [SLOTHY](https://slothy-optimizer.github.io/slothy/)).
- Provide a unified interface for Keccak implementations allowing 2-way, 4-way, and 8-way parallel implementations depending on the target microarchitecture.
- Eventually, we aim to unify the implementations with the implementations in [mlkem-c-generic](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mlkem-c-generic). However, we believe that for AArch64, there are too relevant microarchitectures to come up with a single implementation that performs well on all. 

## Current state

**MLKEM-C-AArch64** is currently a work in progress and we do not recommend relying on it at this point.
**WE DO NOT CURRENTLY RECOMMEND RELYING ON THIS LIBRARY IN A PRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT OR TO PROTECT ANY SENSITIVE DATA.**

> Once we have the first stable version, this notice will be removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we have the first stable version, this notice will be removed.
```

[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

**MLKEM-C-AArch64** is a collection of [MLKEM](https://doi.org/10.6028/NIST.FIPS.203.ipd) implementations for CPUs based on the Armv8-A and Armv9-A architectures.

> There is a wide spectrum of implementations of the Armv8-A and Armv9-A architectures, ranging from efficiency-focused in-order cores to performance-centric highly out-of-order cores. Depending on a CPU's placement on this spectrum, its optimal MLKEM implementation will vary: Code that performs well on Apple M1 may not perform well on Cortex-A55, or vice versa.
> 
> MLKEM-C-AArch64 aims to provide a portfolio of implementations covering most Armv8-A/Armv9-A microarchitectures, plus code optimized for specific microarchitectures.
> 
> Initially, our benchmarking platforms are:
> - Arm Cortex-A53 (as used in the Raspberry Pi3)
> - Arm Cortex-A55
> - Arm Cortex-A72 (as used in the Raspberry Pi4)
> - Arm Cortex-A76 (as used in the Raspberry Pi5) / Neoverse N1 (as used in AWS Graviton2/c6g instances)
> - Arm Neoverse-V1 (as used in the AWS Graviton3/c7g instances)
> - Apple M1
> 
> Please reach out to the MLKEM-C-AArch64 maintainers or open an issue if you would like to see benchmarking on other microarchitectures.
> 
> Initially the primary target platforms are:
>  - Arm Cortex-A72 (as used in the Raspberry Pi4)
>  - Apple M1
>  - AWS [Graviton 4](https://press.aboutamazon.com/2023/11/aws-unveils-next-generation-aws-designed-chips) instances based on [Arm Neoverse V2](https://developer.arm.com/Processors/Neoverse%20V2)
> 
> 
> ## Goals of MLKEM-C-AArch64
> 
> The goals of this project are as follows:
> 
> - Provide production-grade code that can be dropped into other projects.
> - Being permissibly licensed with all code coming with an Apache-2.0 license.
> - Tested against the official reference known-answer tests (KATs) and extended KATs (taken from another [PQCP](https://github.com/pq-code-package) project).
> - Include Neon assembly implementations of the core building blocks of MLKEM performing well on a wide range of Armv8-A and Armv9-A platforms.
> - Achieve performance matching the state-of-the-art on the target platforms.
> - Maintainability should not be sacrificed and assembly should be as readable as possible. We make use of automated tooling for microarchitecture-specific optimization (e.g., by using [SLOTHY](https://slothy-optimizer.github.io/slothy/)).
> - Provide a unified interface for Keccak implementations allowing 2-way, 4-way, and 8-way parallel implementations depending on the target microarchitecture.
> - Eventually, we aim to unify the implementations with the implementations in [mlkem-c-generic](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mlkem-c-generic). However, we believe that for AArch64, there are too many relevant microarchitectures to come up with a single implementation that performs well on all. 

Reviewer: After discussion with @mkannwischer.
```suggestion
## Goals of MLKEM-C-AArch64

The primary goals of this project are as follows:
- _Assurance:_ Clean code that's extensively tested and amenable for audit and verification
- _Ease of use:_ Permissive licensing, modularity, few dependencies
- _Performance:_ Competitive performance for most Armv8-A/Armv9-A platforms

There are tensions between these goals:
- Optimal code is target-specific, but a large variety of CPU-specific implementations makes a library harder to both use and maintain.
- Optimal code is complex (e.g. relying on handwritten assembly), impeding maintainenance and amenability for audit or verification.

In doubt, MLKEM-C-AArch64 chooses assurance and ease of use over performance: We only include implementations into MLKEM-C-AArch64 which are manually auditable or (ideally _and_) for which we see a path towards formal verification. We prefer assembly over intrinsics (for better control over register allocation and instruction scheduling), but all assembly should be as readable as possible and micro-optimization ideally deferred to automated tooling such as [SLOTHY](https://slothy-optimizer.github.io/slothy/). Ultimately, MLKEM-C-AArch64 strives for constant-time implementations for which the C-code is, at minimum, verified to be free of undefined behaviour, and where all assembly is functionally verified.

MLKEM-C-AArch64 aims to provide a portfolio of implementations jointly providing competitive performance for most Armv8-A/Armv9-A microarchitectures. For some specific microarchitectures of particular interest, MLKEM-C-AArch64 may also provide CPU-specific implementations. Initially, our benchmarking platforms are:
- Arm Cortex-A55
- Arm Cortex-A72 (as used in the Raspberry Pi4)
- Arm Cortex-A76 (as used in the Raspberry Pi5) / Neoverse N1 (as used in AWS Graviton2/c6g instances)
- Arm Neoverse V1 (as used in the AWS Graviton3/c7g instances)
- Apple M1

Please reach out to the MLKEM-C-AArch64 maintainers or open an issue if you would like to see benchmarking on other microarchitectures.

## Non-goals

At this point, we do not provide implementations optimized for memory usage (code / RAM). If you need a memory-optimized implementation and the implementation provided by MLKEM-C-Generic is not of sufficient performance to your application, please contact us.

## Relation to MLKEM-C-Generic

Eventually, we aim to unify the (shared) C-part of the implementations provided by MLKEM-C-AArch64 with the implementations in [mlkem-c-generic](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mlkem-c-generic). Initially, however, we will allow some divergence, e.g. to explore interfaces to 2-/4-/8-way parallel Keccak implementations which are essential for high-performance implementations of MLKEM.
```
